I'll let that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price [Music]
is where I'll be to rest until the end
of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday
night bible study it's so nice to have you back tonight on the half hour we are
going to have a guests and that guest is going to Regale us with the wisdom that
we haven't had but a wisdom that he has seen through its slight opening just an opening in that
historical reality tonight we're going to take you
in our ship to the Empire we're taking this to them
tonight tonight we're Marching In we're kicking down the doors of Christianity and we're saying these texts are ours
we're kicking down the doors to Judaism we're saying these texts are ours this Old Testament so-called by the
Christians this new testament so-called by the Christians this Torah this
pentateuch these prophets these songs they belong to the pagans
tonight we take it back on lady Babylon
[Music]
so tonight we begin with a couple of texts but we're going to start
by putting you into a space tonight I want to bring up Echo and I want you to be
thinking about people across time and about the transmission of the logos
this is from a little one of our dead sources where'd he go
Leland where's Leyland get up here get up here this is good stuff this will set you in the place in the mood tonight
we're going right into the Hebrew before we bring Echo I want you to see
that we're going to reach through that back into the Hebrew and you say what you never do Hebrew what's the deal
what's the deal with the Hebrew this is what this is what the trans-dimensional D.A
has given us it turns out we've got evidence that Hebrew
Hebrew is a creation yeah yeah it's a creation a synthesis
a fabrication we're counterfeiting a language
tonight we're going back to take these texts back and tonight we're going to
look at it as scientists let's bring on the echo we'll look
through the echo Chewie [Music]
thank you
thank you [Music]
thank you the beauty of Greek physics
brought to you by the logos fantastic tonight I want to start and I
just want to say welcome welcome to all of you who are biblical Scholars tonight
especially tonight the biblical Scholars have a seat right up in the front
for those of you who do religious studies for those of you who do Biblical Hebrew
tonight the front is for you
I want to look at some facts pulled right out of the crazy web I want to pull these out
and I want to just ask a question a couple of questions basic questions let's give me that first
first location on the star chart yeah there you go take it just take a
look at some of these facts look the number of attested Biblical Hebrew words is 8198. okay okay of which some 2 000 or
high box lagomina take it down high pox lagomina what is the high points that is
a word that appears only once we only have one reference to it and usually with those words
you really can't understand what they mean the definitions are extremely short because they're essentially a guess
so we've got two thousand so that leaves us with 6 000 words that we know we can
trace six thousand words fantastic is that a lot is that a lot
let's let's keep going let's keep going you you Biblical Hebrew Scholars hang in
there with me the Oxford English Dictionary estimates they're around 170
000 words in current use in English with an additional 47 000 obsolete words that's interesting
according to dictionary.com over half the words in English dictionary I come from Greek and Latin on the academic
word list it's closer to two-thirds take that down oh my goodness you mean
two-thirds of our words in English that we're using every day come from
classical Origins Greek and Latin yes 170 000 is impressive
that's an impressive amount you know okay so two-thirds of them are from a
different language namely the one that we're studying yeah okay
what do we do then Chewie hit us with the Second Sight we're going in for their Fighters get us look at this can
you blow that up so I can read that for the crowd yeah Biblical Hebrew has a
very limited vocabulary of less than 9 000 words but it's tremendously rich in
expressing itself oh you can leave it oh seriously
why would you say but but is tremendously Rich when you're a linguist
and you gotta apologize for the language something's wrong something's wrong of the 13
962 words in classical Hebrews 6556 or homonyms
according to Gil gilad Zuckerman the number of attested Biblical Hebrew words
is 8198. look at this they're counting guys get your counts down
right come on man yes two thousand are hoboks the number of attested Bible Hebrew words is eight
one nine eight the number of a desert bib away rewards is 8679.
foreign what about the Greek
if you have 8 000 words you can speak your entire vocabulary
within hours of waking up yeah yeah
how can a language function on 8 000 words when three thousand of
those are hypoxagomina it can't they don't modern Hebrew has
around forty to sixty thousand it's growing right modern Hebrew was a
recreation of a dead language it's vibrant and alive
shout out to all my buds in Israel yeah vibrant language and growing
they'll grow their vocabulary yes as all languages do
sixty thousand is functional three thousand to four thousand is not
is not there is something wrong here
there's a reason that Julian Africa Julius Africanus having his debates with origin and the
Christians on where is this language in the Septuagint coming from there's a reason he says this is great there's no
way you're made up story about 72 dudes going into 72 different rooms and coming
out with this translation of Greek from some Hebrew original no way
no way it's Greek but wait a minute
if the Old Testament is Greek
why do we have a Hebrew version yeah and
is that Hebrew version accurate can you take 8 000 words and turn them into a
hundred and fifty thousand now you know why
now you know why it doesn't say what it does fantastic let's go down to the next uh
star chart boom this is from Biblical Hebrew Made Easy the Hebrew vocabulary
how much is enough the law of diminishing returns right they've got to sit they've got to sit where is this
gentleman from now go down to the next uh who is this this is Reverend Dr Walter Meyer three
professor of Hebrew at Concordia Theological Seminary
Betty writes books and what does he say
he says there are 419 000 words in the Hebrew Old Testament text of those 419 000 words
6679 are unique that compose the total usage so the question is how many of those
words do I need to have absolute Mastery over to be competent in biblical look
what he says 1903 words will get you all the way
to that Galaxy wow is that even possible
yeah as a philologist and somebody who studied
the development of these languages and the languages that existed a thousand years before Hebrew
yeah I have to say it's starting to look bad
starting to look real bad now the fact that this professor can say
the way to learn Hebrew is to memorize a thousand nine hundred of their words
or a thousand something 90 whatever it was that's that shows you the fact that we
don't need grammar shows you something is wrong you're working with a counterfeited language the masoretic sex
is reforming the Hebrew and you say wait
this is for the scholars biblical scars you say well what no
I won't because the simple fact is
your language is inadequate well [Music]
it's a falsified form and you say no no they found they found these parts
with some fragments in them they found ports with fragments sometimes they'll
have a collar they found Parts with fragments sometimes they won't sometimes they'll be wearing some accoutrement
sometimes they won't but they'll always tell you the same thing they found some fragments in a cave
yeah that had Greek in them and were translations of the Greek
doesn't impress me your first to third Century finding doesn't impress me
let me take you to a book a book of the Bible That's supposed to
be from the 6th century and just from
the stylistic analysis for all of you at Harvard and Princeton Yale
the stylistic analysis of the Greek is going to put the Scrolls sometime around the third or
second first I'd put it second to First stylistically BC
cracky Reed bro I don't care about Yuri I talk oh no domini and before it
yeah bcna Libra so what happens to the this text let's
look let's look at how the you know long story short long story short before we get and by the way naked Jesus is
waiting for us right before we get to Gnostic informant
we've we're going to get to naked Jesus so just wait he's back there anybody who
came who doesn't want to see Jesus naked better leave
this is how you know this is how the serious make their way we do it through the text
I'm going to take you right to him right sitting there all naked rubbing people's feet
with his underwear it's a thing I don't know one of them
got mad and left it doesn't matter nobody knew what he was saying okay let's go to the text pull it up I'm
gonna call this Zacharias because that's the name that is on the Greek text that we have
Zacharias some of you will say no this is Zechariah
that's fine but realize you're wrong
in the very first line leave it up to you in the very first line you're going to see a word that last word
that is a word that is has no equivalence no equivalence in Hebrew the
word before it curios do you know how they translate that they
translate that with that tetragrammaton a made-up word they translate this with
a medieval made-up word yeah do you understand this is Yahweh
and you say wait a minute this isn't anything Yahweh like this is curios this
is the master word how could the Greeks how could the
Greeks expect me to believe the 72 Jewish Scholars went into 72 different
rooms and took a Hebrew text and wrote out the exact trans exact same
transaction all 72 of them and that's not even the miraculous part the miraculous part is they were able to
use words that didn't exist in Hebrew because they only had several thousand of them to play with
seriously seriously and they have passed this off
on you and you sit around I can see you out there you sit around
and you absorb this just automatically right and what do we do we accept it and
we go forward and it creates the world that we think exists but doesn't
yeah before we go on with the text I'm getting so hot in here this is so good
can we see a comment somebody left a comment for me that I wanted to address just real quick we'll take a little two
minute break from the language should we blow that that's good that's good
if this is from yeah Jody Jody Jody if
they traumatize the kids likely they will cause
what is that cause cptsd that doesn't sound good right
which would rewire the brain to be in a constant state of fight or flight is the
main neurotransmitter will become noradrenaline
uh go ahead and leave it up there just for that first part of it I just have to say fascinating
fascinating is a man who studied neurotransmitters in the brain I'm glad
you're looking at neurotransmitters nice if they further hobble the children oh
Jody okay look right it's history right it's
history so let's she may have a good point here Jody I'm assume your female
could be male Jody if you humble the children so as to prevent running to escape such as
such as make it so they are slower they would be fierce and redacted strong
Fighters Jody my goodness where is your thought
pattern what are you thinking is this what the people on this channel have
been thinking or these the thoughts you don't need to hobble the children so
they don't get away you've dropped them you've dropped them no need problem right come on come on
guys let's catch up let's catch up that's not a bad idea right I mean I like your creative thinking and you know
like Einstein you gotta you gotta think about these things imaginary thought experiments I got them but don't worry
they're drugs the kids are drunk thank you Jody for the comment let's go on with the let's go on with the text I
want to flash that video again in a second but let's look at this oh oh my goodness what are you gonna say is
look there's this dude and his name is Anatole his name is
Anatole yeah and he is rising up from below the underworld and he is ruling
his Lord's House and this guy this guy's gonna he's gonna
get some oddite he's gonna get some virtue he's going to get Seated on that Throne of his father and he's gonna rule
and he's gonna be a priest on the right hand of this father of his
and his peaceful counsel right it's gonna extend between the two of what did
you say his name was his name was Anatole everybody said on the second line it says Anatoly go down to the next
boom let's just get these guys go down to the there we go look at this Anatoly
Rising above the Horizon of any Heavenly Body
yeah the rising star you'll see that this equals and see how much meaning the
Greeks put into this word choose this word especially
by a bunch of divinely inspired rabbis choose this word is pure genius
it's too bad that the people who actually translated the Greek into
Hebrew for the Hebrew Bible it's too bad they didn't have a word that matched
this word or even came close to this word or even was in the same Cosmos as
this word but they didn't so how did they translate this go back up to the translation one before uh look at this
look it's good no wonder it makes me a little bit nauseous and
say to him thus says the Lord of hosts that's how they Translate pantocrato
terrible right then for the context you're already you've already lost the context congratulations
who until crowds or that's their ammonium before any of them who is the contact writer
Duo Duo Hermes and Zeus they go around they visit places
if you give them dinner cool if you don't boom right
try to serve your children in a bowl whoa okay love it humans are terrible
they say thus says the Lord of hosts behold the man whose name is the branch
Branch are you sure it says the branch you mean these 72 God Yahweh
inspired Jehovah's came up with the word Anatole
for branch dude this works for branch why not so lay is is a miracle it was a
freaking miracle listen people I'm trying to show you
that what happened was that this material was originally in Greek and it
was then taken and translated into Hebrew just like Africanus said
yeah it's not me how to make this up linguistically it's all there let's go
to the second the translation of that second verse back to the Hebrew uh back to the Greek please up
fantastically this is verse 13 can I out those labs today he takes that courage and everything and he gets that to that
place where he's that he's that priest how do they translate this let's see how they translate this is that one yeah it
is he who shall build the temple now I want you to see it is he who shall build the temple yes
he will build the temple even he shall build the temple every every one of those translations says that where are
they getting that they're getting that from the mazarites because it doesn't say that in the Septuagint there is nothing there
about building a temple there is nothing there is nothing is there a reason that
they're doing this let's keep going let's keep going people come on it's going to rip our reality a little bit
but that's what we need let's rip it now keep it going down here's another verse
Kai Esta Esta Entei and in that day
what ecstasis you guys know ecstasy
Ryan you hear the one you hear the cult in the back
right here's the Ecstasy somebody finally brought the Ecstasy in the Bible
and here it is in that day all right the great Ecstasy of the Lord
you know how they translate that Lord tetragrammaton
made up Medieval word yes it's curious again right and at one
point it's got two of these and they're talking to each other chummy love it
fantastic what are we gonna do with that curios we're gonna take his ecstasy how
do they translate this did I bring the English translations to this yeah on that day they will be terrified
seriously and on that day the great Panic from the panic panic really I mean
it's kind of it's sort of getting close on that day of great panic and then they come back a great
says King James in his little feathery
skirt yes tumult
it's ecstasy brah what happened don't you see King James got off the track and
he said I'm gonna translate that maseratic thing I'm gonna translate those Hebrew
scriptures that they just made up a couple hundred ago and I'm going to take those and I'm going to create something
and it's going to tell the whole freaking world what to do
and it's not accurate oh no what world is really there that
we're missing what's the real tax say
is anybody listening right the name Adam is borrowed it's a Mycenaean word that
predates anything that they ever they could ever argue the scratches that's
ancient Hebrew they do that let's say it must be ancient Hebrew right the scratches and you sure it's
just scratches right no no it's an early yeah it's a
it's an old Hebrew this is really old maybe 800. 800 really at you know Adam is around
for a thousand years before that right at the Moss bro it's in the Linear B
if you don't believe me I don't care
love it but for those of you who are out there who are listening look look what we're doing we're this is unraveling
this whole picture we got to get to Jesus's underwear and then then to Gnostic and forward now Stick It Forward
give me a couple minutes and I'm hot I'm on the road I want to keep this going bring us another one
bring us uh the next that text yeah go ahead bring up bring up that text yeah Hey listen to me listen to me Jesus
this is the Jesus this is the Jesus listen up Jesus you
great priest this is a title episodes don't take that article
their epithets what we're calling this priest here
is the Jesus you mean they call priests the Jesus
yeah they did yeah they did bruh it's all part of the cult
when we're out there shouting yeah son you know why you know why we've been
christed this is the way they do it bring me back up that Greek fantastic
listen up hey guys that's evocative and great
that's evocative it doesn't look like a vodka does it it's also a genitive but in this case it's evocative yes oh my
gosh the great priest you and the people living around you yeah those who are
literally right in front of you your face those you have business with why why should you pay attention because
they're teratoscopic people these people are tyrannoscopic people
what does that mean you know what a teratoscopy is yeah that's where we look at signs
we look at signs yeah we look at monstrum
right a monstrum that sign is a monstrum it is demonstrating something to me
whoa this is old auger stuff this is all the Etruscans waving sticks around
quartering the sky this is where this is how the heck are they going to translate
this into that fake Hebrew right that they in the Middle Ages
pumped up yeah get that thing it's not beating it doesn't even have a heart dude that's
okay it's got 3 000 hopes [Laughter] your 3 000 hopes are only this big
you ought to deal with some Greek you know how many words there are in the Greek by the way the tlg is estimating
250 000 to 400 000.
how do you get there how do you get from three thousand
two hundred fifty thousand
okay these are our texts right these are our texts
let's look at it see what's uh I want to see the the rest of the text and then we're jumping to Jesus with underwear
go ahead yep yep yep yep yep okay fine fine fine fine fine
yeah here he is the uh I just want you to see The Anatole here it's just that's just the name of the United go the next
one go to the next one yeah anatello go down we're gonna we're behind there let's go to here see what we've got
there no one up one up oh look at this we're getting all confused here's the here it is here's the tanatoscopos all
right the Observer the soothsayer the diviner right what does Jesus doing with
these diviners and it's not in a bad light bro it's not a bad light
right what's what are we doing we're doing the mystery that's what Jesus does
you thought the Jesus that you knew was the Jesus
aren't you gonna be surprised this is Joshua shut up
if you say Joshua to me I don't know what's gonna happen
yes son whoa yeah right this is different this is the
title this is not something that you were able to take a fake language
and pump up where is the stuff on The Monuments where are all the genres of
literature where are they where are the palace documents why don't they exist
alexandrian bro it's all Alexandria keep going keep going
keep going now I'm sorry to keep you so long but this is this is this is good stuff and you're going to add to it go
let's do this yeah yeah oh my God what is this what was the
real Point here yeah again he got up from the from the dapenos from the this is Jesus he got up
from the meal and he kaiti son and he put aside his clothing oh wait a minute
we just went from rocking with Zacharias to Jesus sitting at dinner okay that's
okay because we really haven't left we're still with that priest Jesus
the Jesus not the Jesus but Jesus priest
love it he was just one of them right you're in hell and you say Jesus and 150
000 people raised their hands which one do you want the guy in the Bronze Age the guy and the you want the
guy who's popular don't you you want the guy that the Romans crucified where is he where's that Jesus
right it's a title it's a linguistic title it is an epithet
it is not a personal name you only think it is because those macerates and the
people who were sitting in the caves with the texts trying to translate them into a language that didn't exist and
wasn't read anymore wasn't spoken wasn't even at that point liturgical
those people created your delusion [Music]
yeah so here's this Jesus sitting at the table and what does he do I need to text
back he gets up when he takes off his clothes
and taking a lintion Lin tion what is that it's a little
washcloth or towel right it's something that attendants carry in the bath after
the bath to dry you off and what does Jesus do in his glorious nakedness thanks I just ate
he raised us from everybody he just stripped and what's he doing he's he's putting on
a linthian what is he doing he de-adjusting what he ties it around his
privets his privities ties it around his genitalia he gerds
yes that's how people that's probably how you've heard it if you're a Christian you're sitting here or a Biblical scholar scratching your head
gerd gerd sorry I don't mean to yell guard your loins with that towel from
the masseuse Garden GERD
and then what happens well he goes on we don't need to taste this final just tell him he goes on and he washes feet and
then dries feet with his towel wait he takes off his towel we've got
two possibilities he either takes off his towel and nakedly dries my feet with his dirty
dirty underwear
or or perhaps he leaves his underwear on and dries my
feet [Laughter]
nobody understands is this a look look for the look look your pastor all right
let's get I know I'm all sweaty today but the pastor look I gotta say the
pastor's gonna pull you aside and he's gonna say hey this is all about washing feet this is
all about washing feet yeah and this is something they did
in antiquity when you hear a generalization like that which they do
no generalizations don't mean anything I could listen to them shows on the right
now on YouTube that have to do with mystery rights and I can tell you within two seconds whether or not the person
knows a damn thing about their sources why because they generalize when they
don't they generalize when they don't you either speak from specific evidence you
shut your mouth yeah if you're out there faking mystery religion
it's time to burn It's Time To Burn yeah
give me that last I want to give you this as a last kind of funny way to exit
this segue to Neil um give me this one
yeah blow that up please Chewie I just want everybody to see this these are these are just little Snippets in
English and in Greek from that scene when he had finished washing their feet
he put his clothes on and returned to his place there he is okay so he just put his clothes back on if you never
thought you'd see naked Jesus you just did he just put his clothes back on do
you understand what I've done to you he asked them and they see says I have set
you an example that you should do as I've done for you and then he breaks
into this magic incantation a main a main a man when you start repeating a
man the origin is this thing is of this thing is from a moon it is used all over the PGM and it is
used in very specific circumstances he is bringing forth a cosmic Reality by his voice leg over
men I'm bringing you what I'm saying to you what there is no servant greater
than his curios nobody is sent out right who's greater than the one who's sending
right now that you know these things you will be blessed if you do them and wait what's happened they're all looking at
each other scratching their head and he and then he says right I'm not referring
to you all I know those I have chosen wait a minute
I got invited to this dinner dude strips down naked washes my feet with his
underwear tells me some crazy Hub job mob job and
says you don't understand but not all of you are supposed to okay thanks
it's quite a show keep it up keep it up and then he bursts into this man
Lego woman you guys is going to turn me over to the
cops you're gonna give me up his distance now watch what happened right this is what I'm doing at the time
his disciples stared at one another at a loss to know which of them he meant
but no one at the meal understood by uh uh what why Jesus said this to
them yeah right see how we end the dinner we all go away scratching our head like what's this guy's problem what's this
guy's problem he just strips down that's creepy within a very short period of Time same
dude arrested in a public park with a naked boy Mark 14 51 and 52.
this Jesus the one that you all know got arrested in a public park with a naked
boy you've seen Jesus naked it shouldn't surprise you that he's got a naked boy
with him when he gets arrested and that naked boy isn't chained up he's not hobbled
we got him set up here right we're not lay Stace
we're not child traffickers and she'd look at us that way
right we're sons of God fantastic let's bring in Neil if he's if
he hasn't fallen asleep from me taking so long Neil 42. how you how you doing
Gnostic informant good I was uh intense uh lesson right there on this on the
Greek one of the things I was I noticed about the text um is when you when we're looking at
which one's translation and which one looks like on the native text one of the things I know I'm not this is not my
expertise or anything I'm basing this off what you said and I've also talked to other people who brought up this from
the historical perspective Russell gramerkin sees the same thing you're seeing you're talking about it from the language perspective putting those two
together I don't know if it's hard to argue against that one of the things I noticed when I look at Zechariah 6 and
the Septuagint uh well actually first let me let me start with the uh let me start with the
NIV when I read it for the first time I'm gonna share my screen right real quick if you don't mind
so if I don't know if you can see this or not Zechariah 6 has this name in there
Zephaniah okay and it says that these are the sons of Zephaniah who came from who came to
Babylon well okay if this is a this is their original text then what does the
translation say now if you don't mind I'm going to share my screen again on a different page and I thought this was
interesting because the Septuagint says or here it is right here verse 10.
Sophie Neal that's a name now that means Sophia
that's wisdom that's a title why would they translate Zephaniah into
a word that makes sense the sons of the wisdom that came from Babylon there's
that word Babylon that looks like a pun it looks like a native text Zephaniah looks like it's a transliteration of
Sophie Neo am I crazy what do you think about that no I think you're exactly right and
there's no reason if this is a translation from Hebrew to Greek there's no reason they wouldn't have used the
Zeta and just spelled out the name of them either instead they picked a different name yeah looks like it's
based on the roots wise and mind definitely it could ice might the Sun to the wise minded who came from Babylon
now this is where it gets crazy and now I've did some digging myself into what does it mean to be the East and to be a
son of Babylon or son of wisdom and I looked into the what does the Greek World say before all this and it turns
out that there's so if he's citing a a an
older uh prophecy that comes from Balaam if you go to the text numbers 24 this is
what this is this is this is the slam dunk for me why I think the Zechariah in Greek is the original text so when you
look at numbers 24 there's a couple more screens I got to share all of a sudden we have a prior prophecy
where Balaam is talking about a star will come out of Jacob
that stuff what is a star a rising star comes from the East the Morning Star
so all of a sudden this entire book makes sense now and I'm going to show you why right now I'm at one more screen
I want to share because in the beginning of the passes that you just read he's talking about the four wins in every
direction the four chariots coming from the Four Winds well we know what that is
we know that's Australia's I'm gonna share my screen again Australia's means starry
an astrological deity he's the father of the Four Winds hold on a second this entire passage in
Zechariah is about the sons of the Four Winds are the sons of the star I'm sorry
the star that rises from the East it's the morning star and look at this EOS
foros is the son of Dawn and Estrellas and then there's your Four Winds the
siblings and it gets even crazier astraya is the virgin daughter
this is basically like the the image of Lady Babylon if you will the virgin daughter who is the
um uh the embodiment of Justice she's depicted is holding the the scales
so all of a sudden in the Greek text you have all this language in there and all
of it makes sense you have a rising star comes out of the East just as Balin prophesied those texts link up and then
you have your four wins and then you have your Rising Star the Greek makes sense but when you read
it in the Hebrew you don't have that element of the of the rising star coming from the East so you're like what are
these Four Winds even coming from a branch who is the branch so it loses its it loses its meaning
completely yeah what yeah and what's even supports
your point even more is the fact that we know that there were
sex of Christianity that were blamed with following that prophecy and with
following Balaam and they they called it the way of Cain so the fact that Lucifer
and the throne is there I mean he shows up in Zechariah in the very beginning
standing on the right hand of the Jesus we have a tiebreaker just in case
someone's on the fence right now and you're thinking all right I see what you're saying but
it's still possible that the the branch could be the original and they they made
it maybe they made it make more sense later all right let's bring it let's bring in a tiebreaker what is the Syriac version
say we have a Syriac text now that text could have translated it from any one of
those sources right let's say that we're assuming they both exist there's a Hebrew out there there's a Greek out
there and they're both floating around and the syriacs are going to translate the text it's called the pashita very
famous text it's the Syriac version of the Bible I'm sharing my screen right now
what does it say it says Behold a man whose name is sunrise
Dinka sunrise that's the star that's the rising star of the East the
sun only rises in the East you'll never see the sun rise in the west so the
sunrise is the East it fits with the Septuagint perfectly
yeah to me that was like all right that's it I mean we can see which one is the the free-flowing the one that seems
like the original it feels like it's it's uh naturally being like woven out the story The Plot all of it makes it's
not like clunky it's not like it doesn't look like it's stitched together in a weird way am I right
yeah and what's glorious is that that Syriac version is a translation
obviously of that older Greek so um yeah it does not make sense people when you
translate it into a language that only has a pool of several thousand words to
draw from so they're not going to be able to embody the concepts when you're reading the King James version or any
modern version that basically cheated off King James and you get to a point where you're like oh my God I'm kind of
stumbling like what what's happening those fractures I call them are all over
the Old Testament and those fractures are because the Hebrew was incapable of
expressing what was the Greek was actually saying so it becomes
nonsensical and unfortunately there's a lot of places there and pastors and teachers
Scholars they have to excuse why this is happening they have to make up a reason
for why it's happening the translation is so terrible remember this is supposedly the inspired translation that
is so perfect all 72 of those idiots came out with the same copy right right
come on man let's not let's not Neil is it just me or is this is one thing about
that that that that story that we get from Josephus about the 70 elders there's one thing in there that I think
he sort of slips up on like what happened because he mentions Demetrius
Demetrius Valeria who came from from Athens down to Alexandria and he says it
was Demetrius valerion who was given the job by Ptolemy Ptolemy Philadelphia's
given the job to Demetrius to put together all the texts of all the world
and they said and then and then Ptolemy came to him like a few months later and was like how many books did you end up
collecting he's like I can't even count tens of thousands hundreds of thousands who knows we have every book from the
world and so this is the time period where uh the the Septuagint the Bible is
produced and then the last so I heard I've heard this argument from a historical perspective like I said from
Russell gomerkin he's done peer-reviewed work on this stuff everyone hates them they all they want they want them to shut up nobody wants to like give I I
haven't heard any academics like refute what he's saying they just want to pretend he's not there like just ignore him he's not there but he's been saying
this for years he wrote books about Plato and the creation of the Hebrew Bible how the Bible there's no sources
of the Bible before the third Century or fourth Century BCE all of a sudden just shows up in literature everywhere people
are cited all the time after 300 before 300 nobody talks about there's nobody
referencing Zechariah there's nobody referencing Isaiah there's nobody referencing Moses barely you you only
hear him in like the 4th Century BCE by hectates of hem abdara that's the first time you hear
about Moses and so the so when I heard this argument I I would go back to this
other academics and say what do you think about this and they'd say yeah I get what he's saying but there's one
thing that he is a full stop for me and this is why I think the Hebrew is original and I'd say what is that
and I heard this from multiple people it's a really good it sounds like a
really good argument I'll show you what it is in a second he's they'd say um how would the Hebrew Bible know about
the Sumerian texts because there's no doubt about it if you read Genesis you're going to get references of
Sumerian like like even not even just Genesis the book of assyr for example seems to be borrowing from the story of
Ishtar how do these how do these Greeks in the third Century BCE know about all the if
this is the original then how do they know about all the Sumerian stuff and I said holy [__] you have a good point
there and then I left it alone for six months and then doing my what I what I
always do I like to study and I and I wanted to do a book a video about Alexander so I bought this it's the
campaigns of Alexander by Aryan and I'm reading it and I'm learning a lot about Alexander and all of a sudden I flip to
this page and all of a sudden it says I'll show you I'm going to show you on the screen
this astronomical tablet was discovered in Babylon and it's in cuneiform
cuneiform and that's then it says this astronomical habit is found in Babylon it records the entry of Alexander into
Babylon and 323 BCE
I'm sorry three 331 BCE the other one I'll show you that the other day something else what the hell so they
were still using cuneiform in the time of Alexander and they're like okay that's when he got there maybe that was
one of the scribes left over from the Persians and like okay maybe that's true all of a sudden I keep going I go to
another page and I find another one and this time it's same thing it's cuneiform tablet
and it says today is the day Alexander has died June 11th and then which
equates to 3 323 BCE so in the fourth at
the end of the fourth Century BCE we have Greek scribes that know and can
read and write and translate cuneiform tablets these tablets were brought to
Alexandria and that's how you get your Septuagint we have evidence of Greeks knowing
knowing these texts so that that argument that how do they know Sumerian it's over with we have the evidence
right here glorious glorious now does everybody see that there's no theory in there there's
no ideas he's not going to write a book and make money on that book because of his dumb idea all he's doing is saying
look at this time they already had access they're doing the cuneiform and they're assembling Alexandria in the
library is an assemblage of all of the world's work I mean they have collected
and gathered the Romans copy and do the same thing right they're trying to negro is trying to get worse from all over the
world it's called building a library go around Ephesus look at the freaking Library that's there Temple of the muses
baby yeah Neil people don't get it but you you're you're seeing it right you're
seeing that that real history how does it feel to see like the reality behind the fairy tale
oh it's just absolutely liberating to just to not have not and I used to have
to argue I used to be in a position where this had to be right so I had to have I had to find a way to like
convince myself to you know argue for it apologize for it find ways around it but
it's still possible if this happened all these different xyz's that I'm throwing in the equation when it's just like
Occam's razor slice it right in half it's like the text shows up in this decade
you know what I mean and by the way even the fairy tale from you called it the fairy tale even josephus's passage about
the creation of the Septuagint even he said like he doesn't he's not saying this is a Bible that was already
there that he's translating he's telling you this is being produced for the first time so even in that instance you're
still being told this this is being put together for the first time ever
yeah it's it's uh it's amazing that we can have such strong evidence that just
due to religious tradition um we can deny it we can deny the logic
and the reason and you know nil you know if you've got a room full of 10 Scholars that you've had on and you know you know
you'd get that you could whip them up into a huge argument if you said this what we said tonight they would say no
there's no way that that's possible right right yeah they're just saying I've never
heard that I don't know any experts that that's kind of like the way a lot and I'm not like I'm not saying I'm better
or smarter than anyone else but like you get this a lot where people will if they haven't heard it from a big scholar yet
if it had did it if it didn't come out of the mouth of like Israel Finkelstein or Bart Airman then that then it's
probably not true like they'll be like no because I would they would know they would know like I'm like I'm not saying that I'm right
or I know everything but but like you you'll hear that defense a lot where I haven't heard any any real major
Scholars put this forth yet so I don't know and they'll just shut it down right there like if that's the way we look at
everything then how does anything change how do you how do you change any how do you present any evidence I mean I guess
it's happening now with what you're doing and with Russell America's doing but I'm I'm ready to I just want I'm
ready to hear some uh pushback like where's the evidence against this where is the citation of the Hebrew Bible in
this fifth sixth centuries where it says to be written it I want to see that stuff right and you're not going to see
it and they know they can't produce it they don't have the goods but their jobs and their books all depend upon this I
mean thing I would love to talk I'd give a shout out there and an invitation to talk anytime anytime Dr Bart Ehrman Dr
Bart Urban uh Gnostic informant here you can't see it because his hands on but he's bald if you'll shave your head or
or uh wear women's lingerie we'll have you on the show and when you're on the
show you can explain to us I'll take you back to eritius of kappadocia who Bart
you know you don't know who eritius of Cappadocia is you know you don't know about the mind-altering drugs that
they're used within the practice of the Mysteries do you I mean you've seen all
that Gnostic stuff you know that stuff is there in the semen of the O fights is a Bart you don't you don't know the
drugs I know you don't you want to hear someone's gonna make you laugh well go ahead actually maybe I can find it um
uh Bart Airman diogenes off
folio Creed so he he wrote A Blog and You're gonna laugh and you see this all right I found it I'm gonna share my
screen You're gonna laugh and you see so Bart Airman is a brilliant textual
critic scholar he knows the manuscript Traditions he'll tell you what year it came out what
where city was produced in he's the man he's the world class Bible scholar when
it comes to textual criticism when he starts talking about Greek [__] or or Classics he's [__] he has no idea
what he's doing and I'm gonna prove it to you right now I'm sorry to say I have to do this because I'm on a Channel right now that takes this stuff
seriously so Bart Aaron writes this blog he never even corrected it either
from 2016. you see this on the screen you see it okay he says I mentioned the
previous post the scariest remember days of diogenes polio cretes
huh who's that and then it says oh the Macedonian overlords Oh you mean you
mean uh Demetrius okay that's not he spelled the he got the name wrong it's Demetrius polio
Creedence but it gets it gets worse though it gets worse so we can party we can pardon Bart for a name or two [__]
Neil I can't remember I can't remember half of course it gets worse because look at it okay he then says I should
point out that uh he was where does it say it says he was
uh he was worshiped okay here it is right here this the
conquerances who claim this Divine being by a hymn writer wait a minute even the guy Demetrius
polio cretis that's not even the same guy as Demetrius soter
so he's got two different Demetrius is confused and then he calls him diogenes
so he goes it's not even the same Demetrius that he's trying to talk about he gets the name wrong and confuses him
with the same guy who he thinks he's talking about oh that's all that's like me talking about Game of Thrones and
being like oh um you know like getting getting the good guy's name mixed up
with the bad guy or something and like being an expert on it like that's a bad mistake he has stepped in it with you he's
stamped in it with Gnostic informant there because non-stick in foreign I don't know if you guys know it I'm just
pointing out that this is when he's in his own lane you can't touch him when he's doing his own Bible scholar stuff I
was talking about Greek history he has no idea what he's talking about look look Neil is the he's mastering the
Hellenistic era he loves it he loves Alexander the Great and everything that follows before the rise of the Romans he
loves Alexander to actium by Green he loves all this stuff you cannot I'm
scared I'm scared to talk with him Neil you start talking about olympias and
stuff and I'm like oh [__] he's gonna start telling me about her cousin and stuff like that and the stuff that's
going on yeah love it love it love it look tonight guys we we questioned you
know real quick do you want to show them what what Nona
says about this morning star real quick or is that another day no I think it's another day let's say that for next time
hey guys can we bring Gnostic informant back right can we bring him back and by
the way notice notice talks about the exact same thing that Zechariah is talking about in the dionysica in book
six he's got the rising star of the East and the Four Winds it's all in there yeah yeah and did you see he's got the
dragon in there too yep yeah when Mars he says the Virgin Estrellas riding on
the dragon it's in known as we gotta get that we gotta do this that's a whole
that's a whole show that's a whole show let me let me say something about Neil before we finish up I just want
everybody to know that Neil is working uh has allowed me to work with him a
little bit um in making videos and everybody's noticing that Neil's like up to he's
getting hundreds of thousands of views and whatnot people are finally looking at the art that he is creating and he's
got an audience so congratulations congratulations Neil but the thing that
impresses me most about Neil is that he said forget the merch forget the merch
he'd say he sent me a message the other day out of the blue I don't know what happened the devil kicked him in the
groin and he came out with absolute truth and he said this is not about the
money none of this stuff should be about the money these academics make me sick and I was like brah brah that's a man
that's a man so Neil thank you thank you appreciate it yeah all right I'm going
to give you the last word and then I'm gonna say he'll say Neil what's your last bit of wisdom so if you want to oh if you want this
context to make sense Zechariah is actually that's Zechariah Chapter six or book six I mean
the most luciferian text in the entire Bible and if you want
to if you want to understand what he's talking about take Zechariah 6 read it it's very short book and then go to
notice by the way they're both book six six six six oh [__] I just noticed that Zechariah is six and then go to known as
book six dionysica read known as dionysica book six and then compare it
to Zechariah it all makes sense the East has to be the the native text because it only
makes sense if you have a rising star of the east and by the way what what is the star you see when the sun is rising
during Dawn that's Lucifer so the rising star you know the title that Jesus
himself says I am the Morning Star I am the star rising out of the East I am the Messiah that's a luciferian title
I'll leave it at that attained true gnosis hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]